`During my senior years in secondary school, I stayed with my uncle who was constantly harassed and arrested for 419 (advanced fee fraud) just because he possessed an Iphone and he dresses well. I was, then, perplexed because I knew his investment in foreign exchange and ecommerce. The level of law-illiterate police in Nigeria is hitting the roof. Most times, he had to ‘bless’ them, under compulsion, before he was released. This was an eye-opening experience for me as it fueled my resolve to study criminal law as an undergraduate at ESCAE Benin University. In the university, I joined the SRC (Student Representative Council) as a senator in my 3rd year.` `I was actively involved in the political activities of the student government leading to my election as the senate president in my 4th year. It might seem surreal but I was faced with daunting task; I had to manage the hose of senate, checkmate the executive board and maintain law and order among the Student Body. Decision making was once difficult but we got the hang of it. Working under unreal pressure has been one of my forte.`
`While serving as an intern, I got exposed to the world of technology and the immense possibilities it holds for a new era of legal tech. I served at the Osun state Ministry of Justice under the supervision of legal assistants and solicitors, especially Barrister Ambali. Our work was paper based but why must we go through mundane tasks which takes time instead of being efficient? I was able to push for the digitalization of repeated tasks, create dynamic template, build a unique social media brand identity, assist in the website copy and make work efficient by connecting teams on Teams.` `After graduation, before NYSC (National Youth Service Corps), I also served in a school as a Civic Education Teacher, enlightened the student on various topics including citizenship, rights and obligation etc. they were able to gain first-hand experience by visiting a court and witnessed the proceedings. Due to my computer literacy, I was able to assist in conducting computer trainings, teach graphic and no-code website design.`
`Despite the tiresome activities of the law faculty, I engaged in freelance activities with my school mates, I was the go-to guy for their graphic design project, both virtual/print. I also assisted law firms and small businesses in digital marketing services, being a copywriter and a designer, I craft converting ads for Facebook and Instagram campaigns.` `Since five, I have been playing the recorder, Now, I also play the piano, the drums and the Yoruba talking drum. I also exercise to make sure I am fit at all times.`
`Studying in Alabama has always been my dreams eversince my undergraduate years. In this ever growing world of technology and artificial intelligence, I want to examine the possible correlation that could occur between law, science and technology, especially in Nigeria where the dilapidating legal structure is going through a tedious process of restructuring.` `Examining the legal structure surrounding artificial intelligence amd internet of things and how these technologies could birth a new era of legal structures and systems. At Alabama, I wish to further my graduate studies in LLM in Technology Law.`
